# hackMGM General Meeting

Date: 2017-07-20, Thursday 6:30pm

Location: 
* [CoWerx46](http://www.cowerx46.com/)
* [CoWerx46 Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/CoWerx46/)

[Meeting Minutes Archive](https://github.com/HackMGM/hackmgm-notes/tree/master/meetings)

Presentation: 
* [Slides for July 20 2017](/meetings/presentations/HackMGM_20Jul17-1.pptx)

## Agenda
1. Introductions
2. Announcements
3. Presentation: Core Team
4. Project Updates
5. Presentation: MGM Resident Research Project
6. Presentation & Discussion: Brigade Strategic Plan
7. Presentation: AFITC/MACC Partnership for AFITC
8. AFCEA hackathon
9. Q&A

---

## Agenda Items
### 1. Introductions
#### Prensenter
JD Hinshaw
#### Discussion
* Introductions from attendees
* Call for announcements
#### Conclusion
n/a
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | | | |

---
### 2. Announcements
#### Prensenter
JD Hinshaw
#### Discussion
none
#### Conclusion
n/a
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | |  | |

---
### 3. Presentation: Core Team
#### Prensenter
JD Hinshaw
#### Discussion
* Intro to core team
* See slides for core team roles
* Delivery Lead - Status updates given weekly on Thursday for on going projects 
* Community and government liason - still up in the air, person is pending
* IT inventory manager - software licenses have been donated and if you
need some sort or resource contact Elijah
#### Conclusion
n/a
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | |  | |

---
### 4. Project Updates
#### Prensenter
Bryant Noel
#### Discussion
* 3 projects ongoing:
  - hackMGM website is completed but can be picked up again at any time for updates
  and new functionality
  - History of Alabama Bicentennial Marker Program [description given of application]
    - Needed data has been made available to the team
  - Conference app for AFITC, conference is the end of August, hunting for another developer or 2, good at 
    AngularJS1, Entity framework, Breeze API,
    - This app doesn't stop with AFITC
    - Goal is to make it more open source to use for other events
    - Anyone interested please get in touch with anyone
#### Conclusion
n/a
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | |  |  |

---
### 5. Presentation: MGM Resident Research Project
#### Prensenter
JD Hinshaw
#### Discussion
- Proposing this project in order to start creating better city tech, need to assess what the 
  community really needs 
- JD has been working on a survey based on some information from CFA, and tweaked it
for our area
- See slides from today's meeting for more details
- Need volunteers to help with this
- Suggestion: find out how many get access through the public library
- Boyd: This is very necessary, early on the city  
  hired folks to ride the busses and to see if folks used the app, and no one
  used the app.
  Why are people standing arounding and waiting when they could be using the app?
  The data that you are trying to corral, its not just if you have access, is it inviting. It's a sophiticated problem.
- q: How can we use Google Analytics to get more information on the data that is in use?
#### Conclusion
* Terry will speak with JD to make suggestions on using GA for assistance for meta data
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | |  |  |

---
### 6. Presentation & Discussion: Brigade Strategic Plan
#### Prensenter
JD Hinshaw
#### Discussion
- Very important, should guide us from year to year
- Talked with core team to get some feasible goals
- Current mission statement from JD [available in slides]
- q: Does the mission statement encompass everything that you think the brigade
should be shooting for?
- action: enable local government priorities? Need a fix here. Change from government to community
- action: Change communities to environment
- With changes incorporated, this will drive any decisions going forward
##### goals
- By the end of the year with the data collected should be able to start doing some good work
- AFCEA, socials, the more people, collaboration, and networking the easier it will be find out
needs and solutions
- action: Send out strategic document for peer review
- Boyd: There will be plans to lobby the county and a need for us to come out in masses, will need help there
  - Data that we could write code against first efforts [dicussions on Boyd's initiative with the MTA efforts]
    - first success story
  - Lobbied the city for open API data after those efforts, and lobbied for Socrata, hardest part is/was getting
    people to relinquish data
  - Long term goal, city to relinquish, then county, ultimately proving it enough that the state starts to relinquish 
    it's data
  - The survey stuff is important because just having the data and app doesn't mean people are doing to use it
- We are not a 501c and currently for the time to takes to become one it's not worth it for us
- training goals: q: How to recruit and engage people with lesser skills
- action: send emails to gather new goal #5
- action: CFA get their coding style document and take a look at the recommendation
- goal #8 is a dup

#### Conclusion
- Some goals need to be updated see action lines and AIs
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Change goal about prioritize government | JD Hinshaw |  |  |
| Send email to update goal #5 | Jacquie M |  |  |
| Taking a look at CFA coding document | Jacquie M |  |  |

---
### 7. Presentation: AFITC/MACC Partnership for AFITC
#### Prensenter
* JD Hinshaw
* Charisse Stokes
#### Discussion

- Montgomery Area Chamber of Commerce
- Need folks to man the booth
- 100 - 200 vendors on the floor to attract AirForce customers, students, and government officials
- Larger IT companies will be present
- SAF/CIO - AF Chief Information Officer will be present
- 2000 government attendees
- Most coming from outside of montgomery/Al
- Leadrship and field users
- Hiring managers
- Networking and educational, breakout sessions, services from companies, products being sold
- Also a lot of smaller companies that you don't know about
- Trade show floor only MACC will cover registration
- Evening socials 
- Breakouts and keynotes happening and the floor closes
- Talking points will be provided to anyone interested so you will not have to
  worry about that
#### Conclusion
- Need volunteers to man the AFITC/MACC booth contact Sara Beth, JD, or Charisse for more information
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | |  |  |

---
### 8. AFCEA hackathon
* JD Hinshaw
* Charisse Stokes
#### Discussion
- Charisse is the director of the AFCEA Education Foundation
- Student, industry person, and military member are required to be on a team
- Rubric and all information will be on website
- If you want to volunteer, coach, or mentor a team get in touch with Charisse
- Will need proctors for the different locations
- Help or assistance with judging
- 15 teams max
- Need help (developers) with the test judge website
#### Conclusion
* Volunteers needed
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| Send out information on hackathon | Jacquie M |  |  |

---

### 9. Q&A
#### Prensenter
JD Hinshaw
#### Discussion
none
#### Conclusion
none
#### Action Items
| AI | POC | Trello | GitHub |
| ------ | ------ | ------ | ------ |
| none | |  |  |

